attestation/server-custom-mock/README.md, before:

![Marlin Oyster Logo](./logo.svg)

# Attestation Server - Custom (Mock)

The custom attestation server generates attestations using a hardcoded cerificate chain and makes them available using a HTTP server. It expects callers to provide one or more of a public key, user data and nonce which are included in the attestation.

IMPORTANT: The attestations generated by this server are NOT real and NOT really secure. They are meant to be used during local development or a testing environment.

## Build

```bash
cargo build --release
```

### Reproducible builds

Reproducible builds can be done using Nix. The monorepo provides a Nix flake which includes this project and can be used to trigger builds:

```bash
nix build -v .#<flavor>.attestation.server-custom-mock.<output>
```

Supported flavors:
- `gnu`
- `musl`

Supported outputs:
- `default`, same as `compressed`
- `uncompressed`
- `compressed`, using `upx`
- `docker`, `uncompressed` binary packaged into a docker tar

## Usage

```
$ ./target/release/oyster-attestation-server-custom --help
http server for handling attestation document requests

Usage: oyster-attestation-server-custom [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -i, --ip-addr <IP_ADDR>  ip address of the server [default: 127.0.0.1:1350]
  -h, --help               Print help
  -V, --version            Print version

```

## Endpoints

The attestation server exposes attestations through two endpoints which encode the attestation in one of two format - raw and hex. The raw format is a binary format with the raw bytes of the attestation. The hex format is the same attestation, simply hex encoded. Therefore, the raw format is about half the size of the other while the hex format is ASCII letters and numbers only.

Both endpoints accept query parameters which can be used to set the public key, user data and nonce in the attestation document.

### Raw

##### Endpoint

`/attestation/raw`

##### Query params

- `public_key`: Optional, hex encoded public key without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `public_key` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes
- `user_data`: Optional, hex encoded user data without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `user_data` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes
- `nonce`: Optional, hex encoded nonce without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `nonce` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes

While all query parameters are optional, any useful attestation will likely include at least the public key to extend the chain of trust.

##### Example

```
$ curl '<ip:port>/attestation/raw?public_key=<public_key>&user_data=<user_data>&nonce=<nonce>' -vs | xxd
*   Trying <ip:port>...
* Connected to <ip> (<ip>) port <port> (#0)
> GET /attestation/raw?public_key=<public_key>&user_data=<user_data>&nonce=<nonce> HTTP/1.1
> Host: <ip:port>
> User-Agent: curl/7.81.0
> Accept: */*
> 
* Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< content-type: application/octet-stream
< content-length: 4466
< date: Sat, 06 Apr 2024 07:28:41 GMT
< 
{ [2682 bytes data]
* Connection #0 to host <ip> left intact
00000000: 8444 a101 3822 a059 1106 a969 6d6f 6475  .D..8".Y...imodu
00000010: 6c65 5f69 6478 2769 2d30 6631 6364 3737  le_idx'i-0f1cd77
00000020: 6433 3766 6438 6263 6339 2d65 6e63 3031  d37fd8bcc9-enc01
00000030: 3865 3761 6136 3165 3230 3430 6666 6664  8e7aa61e2040fffd
00000040: 6967 6573 7466 5348 4133 3834 6974 696d  igestfSHA384itim
00000050: 6573 7461 6d70 1b00 0001 8eb2 4f18 9864  estamp......O..d
...
...
```

### Hex

##### Endpoint

`/attestation/hex`

##### Query params

- `public_key`: Optional, hex encoded public key without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `public_key` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes
- `user_data`: Optional, hex encoded user data without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `user_data` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes
- `nonce`: Optional, hex encoded nonce without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `nonce` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes

While all query parameters are optional, any useful attestation will likely include at least the public key to extend the chain of trust.

##### Example

```
$ curl '<ip:port>/attestation/hex?public_key=<public_key>&user_data=<user_data>&nonce=<nonce>' -vs | xxd
*   Trying <ip:port>...
* Connected to <ip> (<ip>) port <port> (#0)
> GET /attestation/hex?public_key=<public_key>&user_data=<user_data>&nonce=<nonce> HTTP/1.1
> Host: <ip:port>
> User-Agent: curl/7.81.0
> Accept: */*
> 
* Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< content-type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
< content-length: 8932
< date: Sat, 06 Apr 2024 08:22:00 GMT
< 
8444a1013822a0591106a9696d6f64756c655f69647827692d3066316364...
...
```

# Root of trust

The attestations include one root certificate in the `cabundle` field that is self-signed and one leaf certificate in the `certificate` field that is signed by the root certificate.

While verifying, the expected root public key is `0x6c79411ebaae7489a4e8355545c0346784b31df5d08cb1f7c0097836a82f67240f2a7201862880a1d09a0bb326637188fbbafab47a10abe3630fcf8c18d35d96532184985e582c0dce3dace8441f37b9cc9211dff935baae69e4872cc3494410`. You can match it against the root certificate below.

The certificates were generated using [certstrap](https://github.com/square/certstrap).

## Root certificate

```
Certificate:
    Data:
        Version: 3 (0x2)
        Serial Number: 1 (0x1)
        Signature Algorithm: ecdsa-with-SHA384
        Issuer: CN = root
        Validity
            Not Before: Jan  1 00:00:00 1970 GMT
            Not After : Dec  6 07:55:26 2054 GMT
        Subject: CN = root
        Subject Public Key Info:
            Public Key Algorithm: id-ecPublicKey
                Public-Key: (384 bit)
                pub:
                    04:6c:79:41:1e:ba:ae:74:89:a4:e8:35:55:45:c0:
                    34:67:84:b3:1d:f5:d0:8c:b1:f7:c0:09:78:36:a8:
                    2f:67:24:0f:2a:72:01:86:28:80:a1:d0:9a:0b:b3:
                    26:63:71:88:fb:ba:fa:b4:7a:10:ab:e3:63:0f:cf:
                    8c:18:d3:5d:96:53:21:84:98:5e:58:2c:0d:ce:3d:
                    ac:e8:44:1f:37:b9:cc:92:11:df:f9:35:ba:ae:69:
                    e4:87:2c:c3:49:44:10
                ASN1 OID: secp384r1
                NIST CURVE: P-384
        X509v3 extensions:
            X509v3 Key Usage: critical
                Certificate Sign, CRL Sign
            X509v3 Basic Constraints: critical
                CA:TRUE, pathlen:0
            X509v3 Subject Key Identifier: 
                03:DA:F8:14:E8:2A:77:6C:55:70:65:15:1C:08:B7:0D:7E:17:FA:01
    Signature Algorithm: ecdsa-with-SHA384
    Signature Value:
        30:64:02:30:34:d6:ba:1f:c4:56:88:51:0f:92:61:2b:db:7f:
        b1:b0:22:88:72:e8:a7:84:85:ec:e2:47:1a:39:0e:01:85:ab:
        23:5c:27:89:2d:4c:35:a9:52:dc:b3:e5:c6:41:da:bf:02:30:
        22:b6:d4:c7:66:80:0b:7d:3f:9c:c0:12:9f:c0:8b:f6:87:f8:
        68:7b:88:a1:07:ea:cb:ad:7a:7b:49:f6:be:1f:73:f8:01:dd:
        69:f8:58:37:63:53:d6:0f:34:43:da:9d
```

## Leaf certificate

```
Certificate:
    Data:
        Version: 3 (0x2)
        Serial Number:
            99:35:f9:94:2d:28:5a:a3:08:28:ca:be:b6:17:80:6f
        Signature Algorithm: ecdsa-with-SHA384
        Issuer: CN = root
        Validity
            Not Before: Jan  1 00:00:00 1970 GMT
            Not After : Dec  6 07:55:25 2054 GMT
        Subject: CN = leaf
        Subject Public Key Info:
            Public Key Algorithm: id-ecPublicKey
                Public-Key: (384 bit)
                pub:
                    04:86:92:82:96:8b:06:cf:61:b9:c3:0c:3b:bf:a1:
                    76:72:5c:ae:06:34:e8:c0:52:53:6f:1a:ac:ff:52:
                    f3:70:30:87:f1:a8:24:6f:70:36:b1:bf:e2:63:79:
                    a3:50:43:4f:3b:40:90:90:bf:ef:6e:95:1c:d1:ce:
                    41:82:89:54:bf:4b:5b:0c:c6:26:6e:3c:08:63:f0:
                    15:38:42:72:d9:90:ff:4a:18:af:35:3f:88:45:00:
                    a4:ad:b3:7f:1c:c4:11
                ASN1 OID: secp384r1
                NIST CURVE: P-384
        X509v3 extensions:
            X509v3 Key Usage: critical
                Digital Signature, Key Encipherment, Data Encipherment, Key Agreement
            X509v3 Extended Key Usage: 
                TLS Web Server Authentication, TLS Web Client Authentication
            X509v3 Subject Key Identifier: 
                9A:F6:C1:7C:9A:E3:D8:07:B3:59:6B:0B:05:DB:7B:30:76:4A:E1:1B
            X509v3 Authority Key Identifier: 
                03:DA:F8:14:E8:2A:77:6C:55:70:65:15:1C:08:B7:0D:7E:17:FA:01
    Signature Algorithm: ecdsa-with-SHA384
    Signature Value:
        30:66:02:31:00:b1:ea:c6:ba:5d:62:07:e4:cf:c3:83:36:be:
        2a:87:60:a4:15:4c:56:93:b2:46:89:ec:58:52:91:57:3f:ec:
        da:b2:d9:cb:35:4d:e8:88:95:c2:5a:47:09:25:c8:38:d9:02:
        31:00:f0:c0:ec:3a:44:07:ce:81:76:8c:07:d9:28:85:85:bc:
        f8:4f:26:f5:57:55:5a:8b:e7:e8:ed:b4:82:6a:4e:d0:f2:58:
        70:8b:42:50:a8:4c:b5:fa:b4:ff:72:14:09:8e
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. See [LICENSE.txt](./LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

update readme with certs dir

attestation/server-custom-mock/README.md, after:

![Marlin Oyster Logo](./logo.svg)

# Attestation Server - Custom (Mock)

The custom attestation server generates attestations using a hardcoded cerificate chain and makes them available using a HTTP server. It expects callers to provide one or more of a public key, user data and nonce which are included in the attestation.

IMPORTANT: The attestations generated by this server are NOT real and NOT really secure. They are meant to be used during local development or a testing environment.

## Build

```bash
cargo build --release
```

### Reproducible builds

Reproducible builds can be done using Nix. The monorepo provides a Nix flake which includes this project and can be used to trigger builds:

```bash
nix build -v .#<flavor>.attestation.server-custom-mock.<output>
```

Supported flavors:
- `gnu`
- `musl`

Supported outputs:
- `default`, same as `compressed`
- `uncompressed`
- `compressed`, using `upx`
- `docker`, `uncompressed` binary packaged into a docker tar

## Usage

```
$ ./target/release/oyster-attestation-server-custom --help
http server for handling attestation document requests

Usage: oyster-attestation-server-custom [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -i, --ip-addr <IP_ADDR>  ip address of the server [default: 127.0.0.1:1350]
  -h, --help               Print help
  -V, --version            Print version

```

## Endpoints

The attestation server exposes attestations through two endpoints which encode the attestation in one of two format - raw and hex. The raw format is a binary format with the raw bytes of the attestation. The hex format is the same attestation, simply hex encoded. Therefore, the raw format is about half the size of the other while the hex format is ASCII letters and numbers only.

Both endpoints accept query parameters which can be used to set the public key, user data and nonce in the attestation document.

### Raw

##### Endpoint

`/attestation/raw`

##### Query params

- `public_key`: Optional, hex encoded public key without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `public_key` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes
- `user_data`: Optional, hex encoded user data without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `user_data` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes
- `nonce`: Optional, hex encoded nonce without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `nonce` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes

While all query parameters are optional, any useful attestation will likely include at least the public key to extend the chain of trust.

##### Example

```
$ curl '<ip:port>/attestation/raw?public_key=<public_key>&user_data=<user_data>&nonce=<nonce>' -vs | xxd
*   Trying <ip:port>...
* Connected to <ip> (<ip>) port <port> (#0)
> GET /attestation/raw?public_key=<public_key>&user_data=<user_data>&nonce=<nonce> HTTP/1.1
> Host: <ip:port>
> User-Agent: curl/7.81.0
> Accept: */*
> 
* Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< content-type: application/octet-stream
< content-length: 4466
< date: Sat, 06 Apr 2024 07:28:41 GMT
< 
{ [2682 bytes data]
* Connection #0 to host <ip> left intact
00000000: 8444 a101 3822 a059 1106 a969 6d6f 6475  .D..8".Y...imodu
00000010: 6c65 5f69 6478 2769 2d30 6631 6364 3737  le_idx'i-0f1cd77
00000020: 6433 3766 6438 6263 6339 2d65 6e63 3031  d37fd8bcc9-enc01
00000030: 3865 3761 6136 3165 3230 3430 6666 6664  8e7aa61e2040fffd
00000040: 6967 6573 7466 5348 4133 3834 6974 696d  igestfSHA384itim
00000050: 6573 7461 6d70 1b00 0001 8eb2 4f18 9864  estamp......O..d
...
...
```

### Hex

##### Endpoint

`/attestation/hex`

##### Query params

- `public_key`: Optional, hex encoded public key without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `public_key` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes
- `user_data`: Optional, hex encoded user data without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `user_data` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes
- `nonce`: Optional, hex encoded nonce without the `0x` prefix that is included in the `nonce` field of the attestation after being decoded into raw bytes

While all query parameters are optional, any useful attestation will likely include at least the public key to extend the chain of trust.

##### Example

```
$ curl '<ip:port>/attestation/hex?public_key=<public_key>&user_data=<user_data>&nonce=<nonce>' -vs | xxd
*   Trying <ip:port>...
* Connected to <ip> (<ip>) port <port> (#0)
> GET /attestation/hex?public_key=<public_key>&user_data=<user_data>&nonce=<nonce> HTTP/1.1
> Host: <ip:port>
> User-Agent: curl/7.81.0
> Accept: */*
> 
* Mark bundle as not supporting multiuse
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
< content-type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
< content-length: 8932
< date: Sat, 06 Apr 2024 08:22:00 GMT
< 
8444a1013822a0591106a9696d6f64756c655f69647827692d3066316364...
...
```

# Root of trust

The attestations include one root certificate in the `cabundle` field that is self-signed and one leaf certificate in the `certificate` field that is signed by the root certificate.

While verifying, the expected root public key is `0x6c79411ebaae7489a4e8355545c0346784b31df5d08cb1f7c0097836a82f67240f2a7201862880a1d09a0bb326637188fbbafab47a10abe3630fcf8c18d35d96532184985e582c0dce3dace8441f37b9cc9211dff935baae69e4872cc3494410`. You can match it against the root certificate below.

The certificates were generated using [certstrap](https://github.com/square/certstrap) and can be found in the [certs](./src/certs) directory.

## Root certificate

```
Certificate:
    Data:
        Version: 3 (0x2)
        Serial Number: 1 (0x1)
        Signature Algorithm: ecdsa-with-SHA384
        Issuer: CN = root
        Validity
            Not Before: Jan  1 00:00:00 1970 GMT
            Not After : Dec  6 07:55:26 2054 GMT
        Subject: CN = root
        Subject Public Key Info:
            Public Key Algorithm: id-ecPublicKey
                Public-Key: (384 bit)
                pub:
                    04:6c:79:41:1e:ba:ae:74:89:a4:e8:35:55:45:c0:
                    34:67:84:b3:1d:f5:d0:8c:b1:f7:c0:09:78:36:a8:
                    2f:67:24:0f:2a:72:01:86:28:80:a1:d0:9a:0b:b3:
                    26:63:71:88:fb:ba:fa:b4:7a:10:ab:e3:63:0f:cf:
                    8c:18:d3:5d:96:53:21:84:98:5e:58:2c:0d:ce:3d:
                    ac:e8:44:1f:37:b9:cc:92:11:df:f9:35:ba:ae:69:
                    e4:87:2c:c3:49:44:10
                ASN1 OID: secp384r1
                NIST CURVE: P-384
        X509v3 extensions:
            X509v3 Key Usage: critical
                Certificate Sign, CRL Sign
            X509v3 Basic Constraints: critical
                CA:TRUE, pathlen:0
            X509v3 Subject Key Identifier: 
                03:DA:F8:14:E8:2A:77:6C:55:70:65:15:1C:08:B7:0D:7E:17:FA:01
    Signature Algorithm: ecdsa-with-SHA384
    Signature Value:
        30:64:02:30:34:d6:ba:1f:c4:56:88:51:0f:92:61:2b:db:7f:
        b1:b0:22:88:72:e8:a7:84:85:ec:e2:47:1a:39:0e:01:85:ab:
        23:5c:27:89:2d:4c:35:a9:52:dc:b3:e5:c6:41:da:bf:02:30:
        22:b6:d4:c7:66:80:0b:7d:3f:9c:c0:12:9f:c0:8b:f6:87:f8:
        68:7b:88:a1:07:ea:cb:ad:7a:7b:49:f6:be:1f:73:f8:01:dd:
        69:f8:58:37:63:53:d6:0f:34:43:da:9d
```

## Leaf certificate

```
Certificate:
    Data:
        Version: 3 (0x2)
        Serial Number:
            99:35:f9:94:2d:28:5a:a3:08:28:ca:be:b6:17:80:6f
        Signature Algorithm: ecdsa-with-SHA384
        Issuer: CN = root
        Validity
            Not Before: Jan  1 00:00:00 1970 GMT
            Not After : Dec  6 07:55:25 2054 GMT
        Subject: CN = leaf
        Subject Public Key Info:
            Public Key Algorithm: id-ecPublicKey
                Public-Key: (384 bit)
                pub:
                    04:86:92:82:96:8b:06:cf:61:b9:c3:0c:3b:bf:a1:
                    76:72:5c:ae:06:34:e8:c0:52:53:6f:1a:ac:ff:52:
                    f3:70:30:87:f1:a8:24:6f:70:36:b1:bf:e2:63:79:
                    a3:50:43:4f:3b:40:90:90:bf:ef:6e:95:1c:d1:ce:
                    41:82:89:54:bf:4b:5b:0c:c6:26:6e:3c:08:63:f0:
                    15:38:42:72:d9:90:ff:4a:18:af:35:3f:88:45:00:
                    a4:ad:b3:7f:1c:c4:11
                ASN1 OID: secp384r1
                NIST CURVE: P-384
        X509v3 extensions:
            X509v3 Key Usage: critical
                Digital Signature, Key Encipherment, Data Encipherment, Key Agreement
            X509v3 Extended Key Usage: 
                TLS Web Server Authentication, TLS Web Client Authentication
            X509v3 Subject Key Identifier: 
                9A:F6:C1:7C:9A:E3:D8:07:B3:59:6B:0B:05:DB:7B:30:76:4A:E1:1B
            X509v3 Authority Key Identifier: 
                03:DA:F8:14:E8:2A:77:6C:55:70:65:15:1C:08:B7:0D:7E:17:FA:01
    Signature Algorithm: ecdsa-with-SHA384
    Signature Value:
        30:66:02:31:00:b1:ea:c6:ba:5d:62:07:e4:cf:c3:83:36:be:
        2a:87:60:a4:15:4c:56:93:b2:46:89:ec:58:52:91:57:3f:ec:
        da:b2:d9:cb:35:4d:e8:88:95:c2:5a:47:09:25:c8:38:d9:02:
        31:00:f0:c0:ec:3a:44:07:ce:81:76:8c:07:d9:28:85:85:bc:
        f8:4f:26:f5:57:55:5a:8b:e7:e8:ed:b4:82:6a:4e:d0:f2:58:
        70:8b:42:50:a8:4c:b5:fa:b4:ff:72:14:09:8e
```

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. See [LICENSE.txt](./LICENSE.txt).
